As was said of the Algol language, USENET seems to me a "a great
improvement on many of its successors." Web forums popped up
everywhere and then got abanonded as Yahoo-Google-Facebook groups
rose. I still feel that USENET had better mechanisms for follow-up,
private reply in email, crossposting, etc that its successors never
had.
    --The Rev. Jason Wells <jawells@iceland.freeshell.org>
      sdf.general, <ri9bsh$5qi$1@odin.sdf-eu.org>
%
Father Arseny stopped for a moment, and then said, "You are having a
heated argument. It has turned sour, even fierce. It is truly
difficult to live in the camp and we all know how it will end for us.
That is why the argument has become so bitter.  It is understandable.
Only, no one should be destroyed or killed. All of you are blaming the
authorities, the orders, the people; you have pulled me in to draw me
into one side and irritate the other.

"You say that the Communists have arrested the believers, closed
churches, trampled on faith. Yes, it does look that way, on the
surface, but let us look into this more deeply, let us glance at the
past. Among us Russian people many have lost the faith, lost respect
for our past, we lost much of what was precious and good. Who is at
fault? The authorities? No, we are at fault ourselves, we are only
reaping what we ourselves have sown.

"Let us remember the bad examples set by the intelligentsia, the
nobility, the merchants, and the civil servants.  We in the priesthood
were the worst of them all.

"Children of priests became atheists and revolutionaries, simply
because they had seen in their families lies and a lack of true
faith....

"We did not raise our people right, we did not give them the basis of
strong faith. Remember all this! Remember! ... Understanding all of
this, I cannot point a finger at our authorities, because the seeds of
faithlessness fell on the soil which we ourselves had prepared."

    --"Alexander", _Father Arseny, 1893-1973: Priest, Prisoner,
      Spritual Father_ (Vera Bouteneff, trans.)
%
Programming languages should be designed not by piling feature on top
of feature, but by removing the weaknesses and restrictions that make
additional features appear necessary.

    --Alex Shinn, et al., ed. _Revised^7 Report on the Algorithmic
      Language Scheme_, p. 2.
%
It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer would
ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure. Basic professional
ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure, to
which Baghdad could be given as a parameter.

    --Nathaniel Borenstein (1992)
%
In short, I think it's become entirely too easy for people using
certain programming languages to use libraries from the wide world of
clowns that is the Internet. Their ecosystems make it very very easy
to become reliant on this stuff. Trouble is, those libraries are
frequently shit.

    --Rachel Kroll, "Tripping over the potholes in too many
      libraries", https://rachelbythebay.com/w/2020/08/09/lib/
%
The past is a foreign country:  they do things differently there.

    --L.P. Hartley, _The Go-Between_
%
One of the most consistent patterns in business is the failure of
leading companies to stay at the top their industries when
technologies or markets change. . . . The pattern of failure has been
especially striking in the computer industry. IBM dominated the
mainframe market but missed by years the emergence of minicomputers,
which were technologically much simpler than mainframes. Digital
Equipment dominated the minicomputer market with innovations like its
VAX architecture but missed the personal-computer market almost
completely. . . .

    --Joseph L. Bower and Clayton M. Christensen, "Disruptive
      technologies: catching the wave," _Harvard Business Review_,
      1995
%
He who chooses the beginning of a road chooses the place it leads to.

    --Harry Emerson Fosdick, _Living Under Tension_
    